Add `registerTopicAliases` to extension context docs (#122)
foxglove/docs: docs/3-visualization/8-extensions/1-api/0-extension-context.mdx

See the [Creating a message converter](/docs/visualization/extensions/guides/create-message-converter) guide for more details.

## registerTopicAliases

> `registerTopicAliases` register a function to compute topic aliases. The provided alias function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`registerTopicAliases` registers a function to compute topic aliases. The provided alias function
```

> accepts an argument with two fields – `topics` with the data source's original topics and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should accept an argument with two fields – `topics` with the data source's original topics and
```

> `globalVariables` with current layout's variables – and outputs a list of aliased topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`globalVariables` with the current layout's variables – and return a list of aliased topics.
```
